I don't know hi guys it's Kat Levinson
doing a one week post-op arm lift video
update feeling much better today guys it
is what David week I don't even know I
know it's Friday
being gonna work I don't remember the
dates so so yeah it's it's a Friday and
I have to go to my second job tomorrow
for the first time I think I'm fine
though my text my doctor today and he
told me I can actually remove the stare
ease when well I can remove them today
but I'm gonna remove them after I come
back from I'm going I actually just came
back from eating food nice beautiful
stack of pancakes ooh so good um I put
it up on my facebook if you're not my
facebook friend feel free to find it
I'll probably put a link below if not
there in my other videos but you could
told me my friend there I checked in at
a diner and I had another stack of
pancakes yes another uh um yesterday I
have it I had it and say I had it again
because that's the reason why I was 400
almost almost 100 pounds is because I am
a person that I snore habits like I if I
eat it today I'm most like you didn't
eat it tomorrow and then I'll eat it
until I want to throw up and then I
won't eat it for months or years but
whatever I enjoy it I know I won't be
doing that because I won't have the time
to go to a diner in the middle the day
like I do now so that was that um I feel
better I took a walk I feel a little
dizzy but not bad um what I've noticed
is if I keep my arms down like this
because you know who walks around in the
street like this with their arms up um
but if I keep them down for a long time
like I went from a manicure pedicure
yesterday I went and had the pancakes I
went to my primary care doctor just to
get a checkup and my arms were like had
shooting pains like they were not used
to being down that much cuz when I'm at
home I'll eat and lazy boy like this or
in the bed or you know I rotate one arm
up one arm down
so I'm gonna have to figure out what to
do
when I'm at work because I type a lot
and five hours tomorrow shouldn't be
that bad and I even really work like a
seven to eight hour day and my normal
job but I do have an hour break and I
have you know ways I can finagle a
little you know wiggle room my arms up
and stuff but not too concerned with
that um my bosses are really cool at
both jobs and they love me because I'm a
good worker so it should be fine I'm
going to visit my grandmother um at the
hospital because she's been in and out
of the hospital for the past few months
and she is my love and I miss her but I
couldn't visit her on this week off
because I had open incisions and I just
didn't want to get sick but I feel
really good today I feel like my immune
systems up and I'm feeling good so I'm
gonna go visit her um I'm not to be
toeing I'm leaning on this wedge so um
so I feel good I'm gonna go visit my
grandmother everything's well I'm gonna
give you guys an update and show you my
arms and then that'll be I don't want to
make this super long cuz my last few
videos they're lower 10-15 minutes long
and who really has the time to watch me
that long I don't even go back and watch
them cuz they do long okay so here we go
using my arms 7 p.m.
they're big swollen stew and I think I
think this this is not gonna go away I
mean we all have that though with arm
surgery or not I think it's just gonna
be there so it's my mission to put in
heart and to put a hurtin on these arms
once I'm clear do well see I can flex a
little bit before I couldn't even see my
collegues you can't see muscle but you
can see
you can see there's some bruising that's
still trying to go away I'm all yella I
would ideally like them to be like that
whatever I'm gonna work these milks all
right um I have this gap jacket that I'm
gonna throw on to hold them in I'll show
you guys so it's like a compression well
it's yeah I don't have compression
sleeves
I was watching somebody else's video oh
my god that you need shit she did a
whole series on her brachioplasty and it
was really informative
oh shit comment below you if you're
watching please because I totally forgot
your fucking name
I suck um but I don't have those like
compression sleeves she had them I was I
looked them up online honey boo I'm not
paying $50 for it I will not
but this gat jacket is like supposed to
be tight to skin and so I had it in my
closet I cleaned it and then I just put
it so it feels nice and tight and I feel
secure when I'm walking in the street
and since it's nice and cool in New York
now it has like this weird fall feeling
where you miss today I won't take it off
when I'm scared I am like a germaphobe
as is so going to a hospital honey so
I'm gonna go visit my grandmother and I
get to see my mom because she's awful
working I'm telling you everything about
my life my life well I am a cat I'm I
had annoying alright let me stop those
pancakes hit me hard I love you guys
like a back in love key again I see you
on the next video double-handed harness
bag yeah I'm unstoppable a will see you
on Tuesday when I update yeah
I hope you guys are enjoying my videos I
have not done videos that this
frequently in a long time
and I love hearing the feedback I wish I
wish YouTube would get up to fucking
power like I should be able to comment
and everything from my iPad to your
comments on my videos but I can and I
don't want you guys to think that I
don't comment I see them and I read them
in oh my god but I can't because my iPad
is a piece of shit or the app is a piece
of shit either way I want it to be like
Facebook so I can like to come in and
type to you and tag you to a comment so
you can talk to me and but now YouTube
sucks anyway that's why you gotta find
me on Facebook I will try to put a link
below love you guys